enhance(cli): add context to public/secret key decoding errors (#11405)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/cli-updater-errorr.md

---
"tauri-cli": "patch:enhance"
"@tauri-apps/cli": "patch:enhance"
---

> Add more context for errors during decoing secret and publick keys for signing updater artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add more context for errors when decoding secret and public keys for signing updater artifacts.
```
